doc: Documentation for changes to support OIDC Workload & Workforce in `mongodbatlas_federated_settings_identity_provider` (#2330)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/federated_settings_identity_provider.html.markdown

### FederatedSettingsIdentityProvider

* `description` - The description of the identity provider.

> * `authorization_type` - Indicates whether authorization is granted based on group membership or user ID. Either `GROUP` or `USER`.

Reviewer: for the plural resource we use slightly different verbiage: Valid values are GROUP or USER. I think we should standardize on that for consistency.

Author: Changed it to be consistent. Thanks for the input

* `org_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the organization that contains your projects.
* `post_auth_role_grants` - List that contains the default roles granted to users who authenticate through the IdP in a connected organization. If you provide a postAuthRoleGrants field in the request, the array that you provide replaces the current postAuthRoleGrants.
* `idp_id` - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies the IdP

> * `protocol` - The protocol of the identity provider. Either `SAML` or `OIDC`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `protocol` - The protocol of the identity provider. Valid values are `SAML` or `OIDC`.
```

* `audience` - Identifier of the intended recipient of the token.
* `client_id` - Client identifier that is assigned to an application by the Identity Provider.
* `groups_claim` - Identifier of the claim which contains IdP Group IDs in the token.
* `requested_scopes` - Scopes that MongoDB applications will request from the authorization endpoint.
* `user_claim` - Identifier of the claim which contains the user ID in the token.

> * `idp_type` - Type of the identity provider. Either `WORKFORCE` or `WORKLOAD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `idp_type` - Type of the identity provider. Valid values are `WORKFORCE` or `WORKLOAD`.
```
